core/actionProxy/README.md, before:

<!--
#
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
# contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
# this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
# The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
# (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
# the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
#
-->

## Skeleton for "docker actions"

The `dockerskeleton` base image is useful for actions that run scripts (e.g., bash, perl, python) and compiled binaries or, more generally, any native executable. It provides a proxy service (using Flask, a Python web microframework) that implements the required `/init` and `/run` routes to interact with the OpenWhisk invoker service. The implementation of these routes is encapsulated in a class named `ActionRunner` which provides a basic framework for receiving code from an invoker, preparing it for execution, and then running the code when required.

The initialization of the `ActionRunner` is done via `init()` which receives a JSON object containing a `code` property whose value is the source code to execute. It writes the source to a `source` file.

This method also provides a hook to optionally augment the received code via an `epilogue()` method, and then performs a `build()` to generate an executable. The last step of the initialization applies `verify()` to confirm the executable has the proper permissions to run the code. The action runner is ready to run the action if `verify()` is true.

The default implementations of `epilogue()` and `build()` are no-ops and should be overridden as needed.

The base image contains a stub added which is already executable by construction via `docker build`.

For language runtimes (e.g., C) that require compiling the source, the extending class should run the required source compiler during `build()`.

The `run()` method runs the action via the executable generated during `init()`. This method is only called by the proxy service if `verify()` is true. `ActionRunner` subclasses are encouraged to override this method if they have additional logic that should cause `run()` to never execute. The `run()` method calls the executable via a process and sends the received input parameters (from the invoker) to the action via the command line (as a JSON string argument). Additional properties received from the invoker are passed on to the action via environment variables as well. To augment the action environment, override `env()`.

By convention the action executable may log messages to `stdout` and `stderr`. The proxy requires that the last line of output to `stdout` is a valid JSON object serialized to string if the action returns a JSON result.

A return value is optional but must be a JSON object (properly serialized) if present.

For an example implementation of an `ActionRunner` that overrides `epilogue()` and `build()` see the [Swift 3](../swift3Action/swift3runner.py) action proxy. An implementation of the runner for Python actions is available [here](https://github.com/apache/openwhisk-runtime-python/blob/master/core/pythonAction/pythonrunner.py). Lastly, an example Docker action that uses `C` is available in this [example](../../sdk/docker/Dockerfile).

Commit message:

create life-cycle-hook compatible docker skeleton

core/actionProxy/README.md, after:

<!--
#
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
# contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
# this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
# The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
# (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
# the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
#
-->

## Skeleton for "docker actions" with life-cycle hooks

The `lifecycleskeleton` base image is useful for actions that run scripts (e.g., bash, perl, python) and compiled binaries or, more generally, any native executable. It provides a proxy service (using Flask, a Python web microframework) that implements the required `/init`, `/run`,`/onstart`,`/onpause` and `/onfinish` routes to interact with the OpenWhisk invoker service. The implementation of these routes is encapsulated in a class named `ActionRunner` which provides a basic framework for receiving code from an invoker, preparing it for execution, and then running the code when required.

The initialization of the `ActionRunner` is done via `init()` which receives a JSON object containing a `code` property whose value is the source code to execute. It writes the source to a `source` file.

This method also provides a hook to optionally augment the received code via an `epilogue()` method, and then performs a `build()` to generate an executable. The last step of the initialization applies `verify()` to confirm the executable has the proper permissions to run the code. The action runner is ready to run the action if `verify()` is true.

The default implementations of `epilogue()` and `build()` are no-ops and should be overridden as needed.

The base image contains a stub added which is already executable by construction via `docker build`.

For language runtimes (e.g., C) that require compiling the source, the extending class should run the required source compiler during `build()`.

The `run()` method runs the action via the executable generated during `init()`. This method is only called by the proxy service if `verify()` is true. `ActionRunner` subclasses are encouraged to override this method if they have additional logic that should cause `run()` to never execute. The `run()` method calls the executable via a process and sends the received input parameters (from the invoker) to the action via the command line (as a JSON string argument). Additional properties received from the invoker are passed on to the action via environment variables as well. To augment the action environment, override `env()`.

By convention the action executable may log messages to `stdout` and `stderr`. The proxy requires that the last line of output to `stdout` is a valid JSON object serialized to string if the action returns a JSON result.

A return value is optional but must be a JSON object (properly serialized) if present.

The life-cycle hooks (`onstart`,`onpause` and `onfinish` ) are implemented similarly as the `run()` method with the same assumptions. Note however that failures in these functions will be ignored in some cases. Only the `run()`method has re-execution guaranties in place.

<!-- TODO: add link to example implementation -->
